The previous lesson was to open the mouth between the teeth.
Now, open your mouth and sing A E I O U.
A E I O U
This is good.
Now, open your mouth a little and sing.
A E I O U
This is not good.
If the tip of the tongue is high in the mouth,
Even if you sing A,
A
If you sing with your lips tight,
If you sing with force on the chin,
A
Do not do that.
Keep your tongue as flat as possible.
In other words, the inside of the tongue is hollowed out,
The tip of the tongue is high,
You should not be afraid of force.
Do not open your mouth too much.
It is good to move lightly on the chin, lips, and tongue.
Now, let's sing carefully.
A E I O U
Open your mouth.
Open your mouth up and down.
Open it sideways.
A E I O U
E is like A,
It makes the gap between the teeth a little narrower.
E
If the gap between the teeth does not open,
It is not good.
Open it a little.
E
O is like opening the mouth up and down.
O
That's it.
U is like the shape of the mouth of the king.
The opening of the mouth is like blowing hot things.
Sing.
U
Repeat what you have sung so far.
A
E
I
O
U
That's it.